FAQ
===

**What are the best things about this house?**

Location, orientation, and design. This house is located close to town, but
miles away from the city. The house faces south, and light pours in all year
long, giving the living room a very homey and relaxing feel. The house is
designed for families, you can view the living room from the kitchen, and the
floor plan works with the way you want to live.

There's a beautiful green space across the street from the house, perfect for
those times when you need the kids to get out of the house and go burn off some
energy.

**Why is this location special?**

It's quiet, surrounded by parks, and convenient to town. You'll live in an
established community that cares for green space and the character of the
island. This location is truly special, serenity and convenience together.

Take the one-hour test: Go East for an hour and be in Seattle at the Symphony
or a Hawks game. Go West for an hour and be in a pristine rainforest on the
Olympic Peninsula. Not many places can boast that type of accessibility.

Although located in town, the house is bordered by roads not used by city
traffic. This is a huge advantage in town.

**What improvements to the house have you made?**

House is turn-key and move-in ready! Just bring your family and update your
loved ones with your new Bainbridge address. House was inspected on 7/20.

New roof in 2020.

New carpet and paint.

Deck professionally restored in 2019.

Hardwood floors refinished in May 2021.

New cedar fence (fully fenced yard).

New window trim on South side of house.

***Other good things:***

California closets.

Sprinkler system.

All stainless steel appliances.

Gas fireplace.

Seasonal views of Eagle Harbor from upstairs bedrooms and family room.

Walk to Strawberry park (2 minutes) drop in your paddle boards/kayaks.

**How's the neighborhood?**

Great! Friendly and community oriented. The neighborhood is situated in an area
where there will be no new development. A large (8 acres) park called the
Moritani Preserve is 300 feet from your back yard. Walk along the Waterfront
Trail to town along Eagle Harbor and watch the sailboats. Walk to the Farmer's
Market in the summertime. Walk to all the festivals year round and never worry
about parking!

**I'm a commuter, how long will it take me to get to the ferry?**

Walking: 13 minutes

Biking: 5 minutes

Car: 5 minutes

Bus: 5 minutes

**What's good about Bainbridge?**

Green spaces, amazing schools, easy access to Seattle. The best part about
Bainbridge is the people. The people are highly educated, warm, and friendly.
Bainbridge is filled with artists, engineers, doctors, artisans, musicians,
hippies, and many more. Close to your house you will find a luthier
(someone who works on stringed instruments), expert knitters and quilters,
chefs, lawyers, sailors, and just plain good folk. Talking to friends on
Bainbridge is like drinking a fine wine.

**How are the schools?**

So many amazing schools on Bainbridge you almost cannot go wrong. Walk to the
high school, walk to Madrona (Waldorf), and many others are a short drive away.

**If this house and Bainbridge is so great, why are you selling it?**

Life circumstances guide our family in a new direction. I know we're leaving
Bainbridge in good hands.
